I got my first blow out (ever!) last weekend and was lucky enough to land with Ashley at Cherry Blow Dry Bar. I had no idea what to expect, honestly. I have medium-length thin hair that doesn't do much and pretty much looks the same every day, and I wanted something just a little different for my fancy company holiday party. Ashley took the time to understand what I thought my hair would/wouldn't do, what I wanted and what I didn't want. They wash your hair twice and follow with conditioner, and even the blow dry felt great. We ended up with some light curls that I was really pleased with. It was raining that night and the look still lasted until the end of the party. Even though my hair didn't look totally different, I still got a lot of compliments and I absolutely loved the way my hair smelled...literally for days. I had to wash it the next day because of the products weighing it down, but the scent lasted for several days...who knows how. I'm going back next weekend and I am going to see if we can use less products just to eliminate some stickiness, but I was super happy with Ashley before and am going back to see her again! The space is beautiful and in a quiet area of Laurel/Presidio Heights. Easy to get to and parking is probably doable too if you need to drive. I felt comfortable there and everyone was friendly. I highly recommend!

I completed ASA 101 last weekend and the whole experience so far has been awesome. Michael Severson was our instructor and like many other reviews here describe, he was patient, extremely knowledgeable, explicit in his instructions, and a great leader for our group. I had very limited direct sailing experience coming into the class, and after just a few hours I felt like I sort of knew what I was doing! We also had the pleasure of an additional instructor-in-training, Blaine, who greatly helped us along our journey.

There's a lot of terminology that is foreign to us nowadays, so I definitely recommend reading the book before starting the class- they will assume you have a basic understanding and you would be a bit lost if you haven't read.

I also was impressed with how quickly Michael had us out on the water, completing maneuvers and controlling the boat (mostly) on our own. You truly learn by doing, not having someone tell you what to do. There are also a lot of obstacles in the SF Bay for a novice sailor, and Michael had us all feeling very safe and under control the whole time (even safer than I might have anticipated!).

I had a few friends go through courses at Modern Sailing so they came highly recommended. I also did my own research prior to joining (I'm one of those people that reads every review) and this is by far the best choice in the Bay Area. I had another friend sign up somewhere else and they are now jealous.

Lastly, I think it's worth noting I was the only female on our boat, and aside from initially thinking that was going to be interesting, I didn't give it another thought the rest of the class and felt entirely comfortable and supported the whole time.

Like another review here said, just go for it! It's an amazing experience.

So I'm going to go ahead and write this review while I'm starving and pretty pissed, just so you get the whole idea.
This is the 2nd time I have ordered from here through EAT24 and they have gotten my entire order wrong. Not just the wrong side, or wrong sauce, but the whole order. As in, I got someone else's order FOR THE 2ND TIME.
When EAT24 called the restaurant to tell them and ask them to re-deliver the correct order, they were told that they don't have any more deliveries going out tonight so, sorry. Oh but you can come and pick up the food if you'd like. SERIOUSLY? Sorry? Sorry, you ordered food from us because you're hungry, and we delivered you the wrong food (which I don't like at all) and now we're not going to deliver you anything you good luck eating. Screw them. This is the 2nd time and the most horrendous customer service I've seen. Not much different from when you go in there in person- it's crowded, nowhere to sit, and you are rushed through your order. Never again. And it's a shame because the actually food is good. I told the EAT24 lady to ask them if they've ever heard of Yelp, because especially here in SF that's all people care about. I don't see how you can get away with service like that when this is so freaking easy to let everyone else know what happened. Completely ridiculous. I would give it zero stars if I could I'm so pissed.

Dolores park is the most unique park I know of. I guarantee you, there is nothing like it. All ages gather here to relax.

I love coming to Dolores park on a sunny Sunday afternoon. This is the ideal hang out spot for picnics, drinking some beer with friends, enjoying some bi rite ice cream.

What makes Dolores park so unique are the people. There are always ppl selling things, from cookies&brownies to weed and mixed drinks. You might even know a few well known individuals, such as the truffle man or the coconut guy (he sells mixed drinks in coconuts). Also everyone gets along (most of the time) and are super friendly.

Because of the constant drinking that goes on here, this might not be a kid friendly environment. If you do take your kids, there is a playground here that I would just stick around by.

If you're visiting San Francisco, Dolores park is a must see attraction. When you think of SF, you think cool,  laid back, 420 friendly. Dolores park is just that.

What a dope Park. With the construction complete, Dolores provides a great experience for many different types of people during the weekend and sometimes throughout the week.

There are recently built washrooms in both the Northwest and Southeast portions of the park. Near the south part of the park is a children's park that puts my childhood ones to shame. Sometimes you'll see people slack lining between the trees, (used to be able to) setting up DJ booths, throwing Frisbee or footballs and sometimes people bring tables to play beer pong.

Also there are parts of the park where you can let your dog run free (speaking from experience seems to be most of it).

Best view of the city is from the southwest Hill. But for general lounging anywhere in the sun is great. You'll see a ton of characters around during summer like the Truffle man, a dancing robot, the sunscreen guy, a dude with dreads who hacks open coconuts and fills them with rum, and I've seen way too many delivery people walk pizzas across the park.

Highly recommended.
