Subject:
Out of Office (Auto-Response)
Thank you for your email. I am out of the office with limited internet. Please expect a delayed response or the deafening silence of our indifferent universe.

Subject:
Out of Office, Or Am I Really (Auto-Response)
Again, thank you for your email. I updated my auto-response to better reflect my existential dread. Thing is, I’m actually in the office, but just not my body, which has gained considerable weight from all those coco-pecan donuts that Randy always brings in.

Subject:
Out of Office, Even Though The Office
is a Subjective Construct But Still
a Good TV Show (Auto-Response)

I’m now really out of the office, so I won’t be able to reply to Linda’s email about touching base with Marketing until I locate my Self, a metaphysical veneer that was due for a promotion nine times. But if I circle back all the way to non-existence, then I believe it’s actually wedged between my insignificant life and obligatory happy birthday sing-alongs.

Subject:
Out of Office, Stuck In the Void (Auto-Response)
After contemplating my existence while watching my microwave resurrect a Hot Pocket, I realized that I need to, once again, update my auto-response (eye-roll, I know!). So here’s the thing: I got stuck in the void (soooo me, right?). Well Randy, I guess you’re just going to have to wait until I escape from my existential terror for that slide deck!

Subject:
Out of Office, Quick Status Update
On How I’m Slowly Dying (Auto-Response)
I’m still out of the office, but I want to give a quick status update: when I stared into the mirror this morning, I couldn’t help but notice my empty eyes and donut-crusted face. But suddenly, it dawned on me that while I’m indeed out of the office, I’m actually closer to it than I was ever before. That made no sense, but neither does Stranger Things.

Subject:
Out of Office, Trying to Find Solace
at a Discount (Auto-Response)
I apologize for changing my auto-response again, but I just found a fantastic Groupon for a guided bike tour of my vanished hopes and dreams. I guess that’s where I’ll be! I probably won’t have Internet.

Subject:
Out of Office, Biking Through
a Swirling Vortex of Emptiness (Auto-Response)

That bike tour sure was depressing! I didn’t realize it was tandem bike because nothing exists in our subjective reality and also because I didn’t read the Groupon carefully. So instead I went to Costco to restock on Hot Pockets. Linda, that tandem bike was meant for us. I can’t believe you married Randy.

Subject:
Out of Office, Never Coming Back
Until Next Tuesday (Auto-Response)
I’m not sure what happened, but I somehow transformed into a faceless particle, floating down a river that eventually merges with the vast ocean of my life regrets. More specifically, I’m floating on top of a swimming pool at a Super 8 Motel. Who you once knew as Jerry no longer exists. However, if this is urgent, please text me.

I am forced into speech because men of science have refused to follow my advice without knowing why. It is altogether against my will that I tell my reasons for opposing this contemplated invasion of the antarctic—with its vast fossil-hunt and its wholesale boring and melting of the ancient ice-cap—and I am the more reluctant because my warning may be in vain. Doubt of the real facts, as I must reveal them, is inevitable; yet if I suppressed what will seem extravagant and incredible there would be nothing left. The hitherto withheld photographs, both ordinary and aërial, will count in my favour; for they are damnably vivid and graphic. Still, they will be doubted because of the great lengths to which clever fakery can be carried. The ink drawings, of course, will be jeered at as obvious impostures; notwithstanding a strangeness of technique which art experts ought to remark and puzzle over.
     In the end I must rely on the judgment and standing of the few scientific leaders who have, on the one hand, sufficient independence of thought to weigh my data on its own hideously convincing merits or in the light of certain primordial and highly baffling myth-cycles; and on the other hand, sufficient influence to deter the exploring world in general from any rash and overambitious programme in the region of those mountains of madness. It is an unfortunate fact that relatively obscure men like myself and my associates, connected only with a small university, have little chance of making an impression where matters of a wildly bizarre or highly controversial nature are concerned.
     It is further against us that we are not, in the strictest sense, specialists in the fields which came primarily to be concerned. As a geologist my object in leading the Miskatonic University Expedition was wholly that of securing deep-level specimens of rock and soil from various parts of the antarctic continent, aided by the remarkable drill devised by Prof. Frank H. Pabodie of our engineering department. I had no wish to be a pioneer in any other field than this; but I did hope that the use of this new mechanical appliance at different points along previously explored paths would bring to light materials of a sort hitherto unreached by the ordinary methods of collection. Pabodie’s drilling apparatus, as the public already knows from our reports, was unique and radical in its lightness, portability, and capacity to combine the ordinary artesian drill principle with the principle of the small circular rock drill in such a way as to cope quickly with strata of varying hardness. Steel head, jointed rods, gasoline motor, collapsible wooden derrick, dynamiting paraphernalia, cording, rubbish-removal auger, and sectional piping for bores five inches wide and up to 1000 feet deep all formed, with needed accessories, no greater load than three seven-dog sledges could carry; this being made possible by the clever aluminum alloy of which most of the metal objects were fashioned. Four large Dornier aëroplanes, designed especially for the tremendous altitude flying necessary on the antarctic plateau and with added fuel-warming and quick-starting devices worked out by Pabodie, could transport our entire expedition from a base at the edge of the great ice barrier to various suitable inland points, and from these points a sufficient quota of dogs would serve us.
     We planned to cover as great an area as one antarctic season—or longer, if absolutely necessary—would permit, operating mostly in the mountain-ranges and on the plateau south of Ross Sea; regions explored in varying degree by Shackleton, Amundsen, Scott, and Byrd. With frequent changes of camp, made by aëroplane and involving distances great enough to be of geological significance, we expected to unearth a quite unprecedented amount of material; especially in the pre-Cambrian strata of which so narrow a range of antarctic specimens had previously been secured. We wished also to obtain as great as possible a variety of the upper fossiliferous rocks, since the primal life-history of this bleak realm of ice and death is of the highest importance to our knowledge of the earth’s past. That the antarctic continent was once temperate and even tropical, with a teeming vegetable and animal life of which the lichens, marine fauna, arachnida, and penguins of the northern edge are the only survivals, is a matter of common information; and we hoped to expand that information in variety, accuracy, and detail. When a simple boring revealed fossiliferous signs, we would enlarge the aperture by blasting in order to get specimens of suitable size and condition.
     Our borings, of varying depth according to the promise held out by the upper soil or rock, were to be confined to exposed or nearly exposed land surfaces—these inevitably being slopes and ridges because of the mile or two-mile thickness of solid ice overlying the lower levels. We could not afford to waste drilling depth on any considerable amount of mere glaciation, though Pabodie had worked out a plan for sinking copper electrodes in thick clusters of borings and melting off limited areas of ice with current from a gasoline-driven dynamo. It is this plan—which we could not put into effect except experimentally on an expedition such as ours—that the coming Starkweather-Moore Expedition proposes to follow despite the warnings I have issued since our return from the antarctic.
     The public knows of the Miskatonic Expedition through our frequent wireless reports to the Arkham Advertiser and Associated Press, and through the later articles of Pabodie and myself. We consisted of four men from the University—Pabodie, Lake of the biology department, Atwood of the physics department (also a meteorologist), and I representing geology and having nominal command—besides sixteen assistants; seven graduate students from Miskatonic and nine skilled mechanics. Of these sixteen, twelve were qualified aëroplane pilots, all but two of whom were competent wireless operators. Eight of them understood navigation with compass and sextant, as did Pabodie, Atwood, and I. In addition, of course, our two ships—wooden ex-whalers, reinforced for ice conditions and having auxiliary steam—were fully manned. The Nathaniel Derby Pickman Foundation, aided by a few special contributions, financed the expedition; hence our preparations were extremely thorough despite the absence of great publicity. The dogs, sledges, machines, camp materials, and unassembled parts of our five planes were delivered in Boston, and there our ships were loaded. We were marvellously well-equipped for our specific purposes, and in all matters pertaining to supplies, regimen, transportation, and camp construction we profited by the excellent example of our many recent and exceptionally brilliant predecessors. It was the unusual number and fame of these predecessors which made our own expedition—ample though it was—so little noticed by the world at large.
     As the newspapers told, we sailed from Boston Harbour on September 2, 1930; taking a leisurely course down the coast and through the Panama Canal, and stopping at Samoa and Hobart, Tasmania, at which latter place we took on final supplies. None of our exploring party had ever been in the polar regions before, hence we all relied greatly on our ship captains—J. B. Douglas, commanding the brig Arkham, and serving as commander of the sea party, and Georg Thorfinnssen, commanding the barque Miskatonic—both veteran whalers in antarctic waters. As we left the inhabited world behind the sun sank lower and lower in the north, and stayed longer and longer above the horizon each day. At about 62° South Latitude we sighted our first icebergs—table-like objects with vertical sides—and just before reaching the Antarctic Circle, which we crossed on October 20 with appropriately quaint ceremonies, we were considerably troubled with field ice. The falling temperature bothered me considerably after our long voyage through the tropics, but I tried to brace up for the worse rigours to come. On many occasions the curious atmospheric effects enchanted me vastly; these including a strikingly vivid mirage—the first I had ever seen—in which distant bergs became the battlements of unimaginable cosmic castles.
     Pushing through the ice, which was fortunately neither extensive nor thickly packed, we regained open water at South Latitude 67°, East Longitude 175°. On the morning of October 26 a strong “land blink” appeared on the south, and before noon we all felt a thrill of excitement at beholding a vast, lofty, and snow-clad mountain chain which opened out and covered the whole vista ahead. At last we had encountered an outpost of the great unknown continent and its cryptic world of frozen death. These peaks were obviously the Admiralty Range discovered by Ross, and it would now be our task to round Cape Adare and sail down the east coast of Victoria Land to our contemplated base on the shore of McMurdo Sound at the foot of the volcano Erebus in South Latitude 77° 9′.
     The last lap of the voyage was vivid and fancy-stirring, great barren peaks of mystery looming up constantly against the west as the low northern sun of noon or the still lower horizon-grazing southern sun of midnight poured its hazy reddish rays over the white snow, bluish ice and water lanes, and black bits of exposed granite slope. Through the desolate summits swept raging intermittent gusts of the terrible antarctic wind; whose cadences sometimes held vague suggestions of a wild and half-sentient musical piping, with notes extending over a wide range, and which for some subconscious mnemonic reason seemed to me disquieting and even dimly terrible. Something about the scene reminded me of the strange and disturbing Asian paintings of Nicholas Roerich, and of the still stranger and more disturbing descriptions of the evilly fabled plateau of Leng which occur in the dreaded Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred. I was rather sorry, later on, that I had ever looked into that monstrous book at the college library.
     On the seventh of November, sight of the westward range having been temporarily lost, we passed Franklin Island; and the next day descried the cones of Mts. Erebus and Terror on Ross Island ahead, with the long line of the Parry Mountains beyond. There now stretched off to the east the low, white line of the great ice barrier; rising perpendicularly to a height of 200 feet like the rocky cliffs of Quebec, and marking the end of southward navigation. In the afternoon we entered McMurdo Sound and stood off the coast in the lee of smoking Mt. Erebus. The scoriac peak towered up some 12,700 feet against the eastern sky, like a Japanese print of the sacred Fujiyama; while beyond it rose the white, ghost-like height of Mt. Terror, 10,900 feet in altitude, and now extinct as a volcano. Puffs of smoke from Erebus came intermittently, and one of the graduate assistants—a brilliant young fellow named Danforth—pointed out what looked like lava on the snowy slope; remarking that this mountain, discovered in 1840, had undoubtedly been the source of Poe’s image when he wrote seven years later of

      “—the lavas that restlessly roll
Their sulphurous currents down Yaanek
     In the ultimate climes of the pole—
That groan as they roll down Mount Yaanek
     In the realms of the boreal pole.”I got my first blow out (ever!) last weekend and was lucky enough to land with Ashley at Cherry Blow Dry Bar. I had no idea what to expect, honestly. I have medium-length thin hair that doesn't do much and pretty much looks the same every day, and I wanted something just a little different for my fancy company holiday party. Ashley took the time to understand what I thought my hair would/wouldn't do, what I wanted and what I didn't want. They wash your hair twice and follow with conditioner, and even the blow dry felt great. We ended up with some light curls that I was really pleased with. It was raining that night and the look still lasted until the end of the party. Even though my hair didn't look totally different, I still got a lot of compliments and I absolutely loved the way my hair smelled...literally for days. I had to wash it the next day because of the products weighing it down, but the scent lasted for several days...who knows how. I'm going back next weekend and I am going to see if we can use less products just to eliminate some stickiness, but I was super happy with Ashley before and am going back to see her again! The space is beautiful and in a quiet area of Laurel/Presidio Heights. Easy to get to and parking is probably doable too if you need to drive. I felt comfortable there and everyone was friendly. I highly recommend!

I completed ASA 101 last weekend and the whole experience so far has been awesome. Michael Severson was our instructor and like many other reviews here describe, he was patient, extremely knowledgeable, explicit in his instructions, and a great leader for our group. I had very limited direct sailing experience coming into the class, and after just a few hours I felt like I sort of knew what I was doing! We also had the pleasure of an additional instructor-in-training, Blaine, who greatly helped us along our journey.

There's a lot of terminology that is foreign to us nowadays, so I definitely recommend reading the book before starting the class- they will assume you have a basic understanding and you would be a bit lost if you haven't read.

I also was impressed with how quickly Michael had us out on the water, completing maneuvers and controlling the boat (mostly) on our own. You truly learn by doing, not having someone tell you what to do. There are also a lot of obstacles in the SF Bay for a novice sailor, and Michael had us all feeling very safe and under control the whole time (even safer than I might have anticipated!).

I had a few friends go through courses at Modern Sailing so they came highly recommended. I also did my own research prior to joining (I'm one of those people that reads every review) and this is by far the best choice in the Bay Area. I had another friend sign up somewhere else and they are now jealous.

Lastly, I think it's worth noting I was the only female on our boat, and aside from initially thinking that was going to be interesting, I didn't give it another thought the rest of the class and felt entirely comfortable and supported the whole time.

Like another review here said, just go for it! It's an amazing experience.

So I'm going to go ahead and write this review while I'm starving and pretty pissed, just so you get the whole idea.
This is the 2nd time I have ordered from here through EAT24 and they have gotten my entire order wrong. Not just the wrong side, or wrong sauce, but the whole order. As in, I got someone else's order FOR THE 2ND TIME.
When EAT24 called the restaurant to tell them and ask them to re-deliver the correct order, they were told that they don't have any more deliveries going out tonight so, sorry. Oh but you can come and pick up the food if you'd like. SERIOUSLY? Sorry? Sorry, you ordered food from us because you're hungry, and we delivered you the wrong food (which I don't like at all) and now we're not going to deliver you anything you good luck eating. Screw them. This is the 2nd time and the most horrendous customer service I've seen. Not much different from when you go in there in person- it's crowded, nowhere to sit, and you are rushed through your order. Never again. And it's a shame because the actually food is good. I told the EAT24 lady to ask them if they've ever heard of Yelp, because especially here in SF that's all people care about. I don't see how you can get away with service like that when this is so freaking easy to let everyone else know what happened. Completely ridiculous. I would give it zero stars if I could I'm so pissed.

Dolores park is the most unique park I know of. I guarantee you, there is nothing like it. All ages gather here to relax.

I love coming to Dolores park on a sunny Sunday afternoon. This is the ideal hang out spot for picnics, drinking some beer with friends, enjoying some bi rite ice cream.

What makes Dolores park so unique are the people. There are always ppl selling things, from cookies&brownies to weed and mixed drinks. You might even know a few well known individuals, such as the truffle man or the coconut guy (he sells mixed drinks in coconuts). Also everyone gets along (most of the time) and are super friendly.

Because of the constant drinking that goes on here, this might not be a kid friendly environment. If you do take your kids, there is a playground here that I would just stick around by.

If you're visiting San Francisco, Dolores park is a must see attraction. When you think of SF, you think cool,  laid back, 420 friendly. Dolores park is just that.

What a dope Park. With the construction complete, Dolores provides a great experience for many different types of people during the weekend and sometimes throughout the week.

There are recently built washrooms in both the Northwest and Southeast portions of the park. Near the south part of the park is a children's park that puts my childhood ones to shame. Sometimes you'll see people slack lining between the trees, (used to be able to) setting up DJ booths, throwing Frisbee or footballs and sometimes people bring tables to play beer pong.

Also there are parts of the park where you can let your dog run free (speaking from experience seems to be most of it).

Best view of the city is from the southwest Hill. But for general lounging anywhere in the sun is great. You'll see a ton of characters around during summer like the Truffle man, a dancing robot, the sunscreen guy, a dude with dreads who hacks open coconuts and fills them with rum, and I've seen way too many delivery people walk pizzas across the park.

Highly recommended.
